what's up guys welcome back to another
video and this is my German sort of
German Bundesliga squad with a couple of
prayers and the ozo so I'll take you
through the team it's pretty sick team
I've got to say I've got an 87 new
record who's an absolute tank she was
seen some of the same so again it right
back Philip lad who's actually what
makes the best way back in the game is
really good player Jerome Boateng but
the Beast Robert roof he's a little bit
slow I wouldn't really recommend it but
you've got it there's no good left backs
in the Bundesliga so you have to really
go off the mill right mid you've got em
I in Robin here was to be honest I would
not pay I would not recommend by over
200,000 claims he's totally overpriced
he's very average and there's a guy
called Sam who I've got he was far
better and also in the midfield you've
got Schweinsteiger in whose absolute
monster you got em ozone whose absolute
beast four-star skill I'd really
recommend also he's pretty what my
favorite players to using this team on
the left hand side we got Ripper you all
know about him every beast up front
you've got obasi who is like basically
the Bundesliga version of em a bangle ho
or Ben is just absolute monster just 90
+ space for star skills or unplayable
and alongside him we've got Gomez but on
the bench over time of a good players
got like Podolski I've got another bitch
him there that I note of each guy is
actually one of my favorite players
score four star skills he's
six-foot-four he's like the double up
Ibrahimovic Tina sort of the bench
there's quite a lot of Bayern Munich
players because when i initially done it
have built a Bayern Munich squad in an
eyesore for worth worth building
Bundesliga squad as well it's pretty
nice what I'd really recommend a no it's
not like the best squad like doing
skills and like so it's more like
basically winning games if you like
winning games over and over and over
again really recommend this to me so I
know the veggies absolute monster only a
75 rating he's just absolute he just
kills it every single time and then this
is actually quite a nice cool front pad
also you nice crossing you know what
like you'll notice is well known the
girls are particularly like unbelievable
goes with all just like you know good
solid goals by like solid good players
basically yes I'm trying to say anyway
guys I really recommend this amnesty of
you know if you any questions about the
team leave it in the comments and it'll
be another Emirati glory with marina out
tonight hopefully about six or seven
maybe eight o'clock 20 min what's
happening yeah guys who tried this video
leave a like
and yeah really recommend it yet gomez
as well go get him he's a bit of a beast
and also vanacore mean I'll put a bit of
music on in yeah cheers you are now
tuned into a fly like me phenom Pumped
Up Kicks remix here we go get back when
I'm over the track it ironic over bed
any time under wraps so haters better
step might want to check as I becoming
the red when i'll be up on the deck and
then I used to be weak but then I grew
older cut off the hair right now who
boulders to the doctors I'm making the
war I'm freaking in the storm along too
big in the door again this little key
with a by the ambition on a mission to
prove is Disney's word fall but I always
play harder the shoot for the moon so I
got a headboard headed to the mammal my
boy patched up I fucking with no one
never back down never blue one so I had
to man up to episode y'all put your damn
hands on bike
Oh
every city kid I've been picked up a pig
dogs and Oscar gone and they told me to
get gone so maybe pop isn't relieved
with the white kid but I never listen
that you didn't every night bitch told
me i had no chance his low shot
everybody's in the same thing like a
robot down so hot the service of a
stovetop no job for the run is over life
since eighth grade up into a great day
read from a little pop all the way to a
big game no I can't see something like a
soccer team bullets to the show's fans
go it's free he's got me mad home
talking mean visual example of a walk
and dream and you can go a check
backgrounds I got nada so haters on my
boss I jorge posada
yeah man dreamers facebook.com slash
official phenom
never throw it darling
see it but before I couldn't wash it
away
let me tell you what the time is
get a plane gonna start deleting all
these bitches with
telling y'all I really enjoy
bitches every man damn can I
the last change to cash games Robin bed
talk
callin bitches body let me back in like
a boss Lewis
expect a receipt maybe it'll say I'm
nice night at no expression at me
expecting my seats don't know what y'all
expect me to speak about me living in
his car nice left in a week
things right
well
will excite
shit like a tree never pyramidal sort of
like a handy
this is what happens when a niggas been
cracking
case you better grab it quick so let the
demon sold your hand walking straight is
little fire pit that's when they treat
you make you think that's where the
diamonds is that's when they get you I'm
ashore motor I ities fan swim until last
well they in and out burger joint
bitches I'm lastly and a sad
I got no comments been all in my face
like it's the top it's always asking
where my time
what the problem is are you expect me to
respect you when I mention you was on my
dick who disrespect my girl